Dear Hiring Manager,

My name is manoj Kumar and I am an expert in web development.I am new on the upwork but i am an experianced web developer having 5 years of experiance in development.I 

would love to have the opportunity to discuss your project with you.

I guarantee high quality work, quick answers on your messages and responsibility.

My skills are an excellent fit for your project. I have a good grasp of working with CMS & php frameworks, I would be easily able to achieve the task.

I have created a couple of projects on yii frameworks
1) Goals app : In this user can signup(as user/judge/guest/coach) and add their goals,tasks. Visitors can search goals and add them into their profile. Then the task 

for the day from goal will display on their profile on daily basis.User can skip or mark as done the tasks. 

Application uses the two way real time chat system developed in Socket.io, real time notifications system , Fully dynamic admin panel to manage everything.

Also user can add payment methods on their profile(papal)  to order the products if applicable on the task.
Due to NDA i can't share the url on up-work . But we can discuss in detail about this project.

I have experience in the following languages.
HTML
PHP
CSS
Javascript
jquery
ajax

And the following cms/frameworks
WordPress
magento
drupal
yii
cake php
codeigniter


I belive communication is the key to any successful project, and I'd like to start things off on the right foot but suggesting we schedule a phone or skype call to 

discuss the project further. This will enable us to make sure we communicate well and that both parties are completely comforatable with the scope of the project. 

Please let me know a time that works best for you and I will make sure that I make myself available. 


If you give me this opportunity, this would be my first project in upwork, so I would be really grateful if you could give me this opportunity.

Thank you for your time and consideration. 


Sincerely,

Manoj Kumar
